
# Query Language

Pulse has its own query language that is used to return results. The query language is directly passed
into the backend search.

## Overview

Users can specify parameters to search for such as a given tag of documents by certain users. All parameters
are **ANDED** together to form the query. The easiest way to search is just to provide a string and
Pulse will return results that match the string. Otherwise, parameters can be prepended to the beginning of
the search query, with a comma delimiting it from the rest of the query.

## Lexical Syntax:
*query  ::= tokens ',' | string*

*tokens ::= alphaNum types alphaNum tokens | nil*

*types  ::= '=' | '~' | '-=' | '-~'*

## Types

There are four valid search types, '=', '~', '-=', '-~'. 

* '=' : this means that the key must **match** the given value, ex: *username = jd*
* '~' : this means that the key must **look similar** to the given value, ex: *username ~ joe*. This will match
all usernames that contain the string 'joe'
* '-=' : this means that the key must **not match** the given value, ex: *tags -= csh.test*.
* '-~' : this means that the key must **not look similar** to the given value, ex: *tags -~ gen*. 

## Example queries:

*username = jd, android webnews*. This will get all documents generated by jd that involves android webnews.

*username = bencentra tags ~ flame*. This will get all documents generated by bencentra that have been tagged
with something that matches the string flame.

*username = bencentra, freshmen quests*. This will get all documents generated by bencentra in which he is talking
about quests for freshmen.
